>> Jem: So, we clone the repo, but
DevOps Frontend's kind of a long name.
We want to rename that, and the way we
rename that is the move command, mv.
I know, it's not,
this one doesn't make as much sense,
to rename something it's called move.
But we're just gonna move
Dev-Ops-for-Frontend/ into app.
>> Jem: And again, tab complete will
save you from typing Dev-Ops in front,
you just type d and it'll auto
complete the whole thing for you.
>> Jem: So, gonna move
>> Jem: And
I'm just gonna cd into my app directory.
And we have a basics of a working
node server just about.
And then just go ahead and
while we're in here, let's just npm i,
because it'll take awhile.
Just install the packages.
>> Jem: And there ways of, you can do
it in Sublime, there might be a way.
But you could actually edit files live in
your IDE if you sync things correctly.
I don't do that too often,
since Git has become much more popular.
But back when I first started,
Git wasn't really a thing, so
you had to add the files
directly on the server.
So, we just did that directly over
an SSH connection on my local machine.
But another story for another time.